Feature improve release docs part2 (#7961)
k3s-io/k3s: docs/release/kubernetes-upgrade.md

To ensure proper GPG Signing usage, we recommend the following:

 - Disable GPG signing in the git config before running all scripts. The method for disabling GPG signing may vary depending on your specific situation. One approach is to unset the related configuration using the following command:

   ```sh
   git config --unset-all user.signingkey
   ```

If you require GPG signing for your tags, configure it based on your specific requirements. Please note that the script assumes that GPG signing is either disabled or configured correctly in the git configuration. 

#####  User Mismatch in Docker Container

When running the script inside a Docker container, there might be a user mismatch between the container user and the git repository directory user. This can result in permission issues when performing Git operations.

To avoid this problem, you can add a safe directory setting in the git configuration by following these steps:

- Create or edit the global git configuration file by running the following command:
   

>    ```shell

Reviewer: Can you remove the whitespace preceding these lines?

Reviewer: Same as above as well.

 - Disable GPG signing in the git config before running all scripts. The method for disabling GPG signing may vary depending on your specific situation. One approach is to unset the related configuration using the following command:

   ```sh
   git config --unset-all user.signingkey
   ```

If you require GPG signing for your tags, configure it based on your specific requirements. Please note that the script assumes that GPG signing is either disabled or configured correctly in the git configuration. 

#####  User Mismatch in Docker Container

When running the script inside a Docker container, there might be a user mismatch between the container user and the git repository directory user. This can result in permission issues when performing Git operations.

To avoid this problem, you can add a safe directory setting in the git configuration by following these steps:

- Create or edit the global git configuration file by running the following command:
   
   ```shell
   git config --global --edit
  ```
- In the configuration file, add the following line under the [core] section:
  ```sh 
  [core]
    safelyUseIncompatibleGitCredentialHelper = true

>   ```

Reviewer 2: It's easier to just run the command:
```bash
git config --global core.safelyUseIncompatibleGitCredentialHelper true
```

This setting ensures that the container user can safely access the Git repository directory without permission issues.

> Note: If you are using a specific git configuration file for the project, make sure to add the `safelyUseIncompatibleGitCredentialHelper = true` line in that file instead.

Reviewer 2: Unless the user specified otherwise, it should be ok to not do this.

> Each of these “levels” (system, global, local) overwrites values in the previous level, so values in .git/config trump those in [path]/etc/gitconfig, for instance.
https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Configuration

```suggestion
```

# Now create the tags by executing tag.sh with the given version variables.
docker run --rm -u $(id -u) \
--mount type=tmpfs,destination=${GOPATH}/pkg \

> -v ${GOPATH}/src:/go/src:rw \

Reviewer: What's the end result here? Do we want to include any of these options in the PR?

```
### tag.sh example output (The kubernetes versions will correspond to those of the patch release, 1.27 is shown below):
```sh

> git push $REMOTE staging/src/k8s.io/api/v1.27.4-k3s1

Reviewer: Please add the brackets back.

Releases are kicked off and created by tagging a new tag.
To create a new release in Github UI perform the following:

1. Set title and tag according to the release version you're working on. E.g. v1.27.4-rc1+k3s1.
2. Leave description blank.
3. Check the pre-release field.
4. Publish

The resulting run can be viewed here: 
[k3s-io/k3s Drone Dashboard](https://drone-publish.k3s.io/k3s-io/k3s)

> It may be necessary to open a new release candidate to accommodate changes in dependencies, such as modifications in https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s-upgrade. To do this, simply repeat the previous process but open it as, for example, `v1.27.4-rc2+k3s1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may be necessary to create a new release candidate to accommodate changes in dependencies such as modifications in https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s-upgrade. To do this, repeat the previous process for tagging and increment the rc version.
```

    serverArgs: *serverArgs-v1
```
If you are unsure of the new minor versions min/max constraints you can ask the Project manager and/or QA.

> # Create system-agent-installer-k3s Release Images

Reviewer: I think this is useful but maybe rephrased since it's not a manual step but something to check on and verify the tag was created.
